Hey everybody, welcome back to the
channel. If you're new, welcome. And if
you are a returning subscriber, thank
you so much for coming back. I do
appreciate all of you guys being here.
My name is Chalice. I am 41. Um, I'm a
mother. I'm a wife. I am an investor.
So, I'm not a financial adviser. I'm not
a fiduciary, but I am in the trenches.
We are, my husband and I, we are on this
journey trying to get to financial
freedom. So, if you want some
motivation, like, share, subscribe, and
hype. That's a new thing I've been
seeing on YouTube and I've been trying
to hype some of the other channels that
I watch. So, if you get that hype option
on this video, could you please just
press it and hype your sister up?
[snorts] And also beware of scammers and
fake pages. So, I got a really good one
today. I know my daughter will be
watching. I have a soon to be 20
yearear-old and I'm big on investing.
I've been teaching her how to invest for
the past, I would say, 6 years now. Um,
and I like to make these types of invest
with me videos because I think it's
motivating for younger people or just
beginners in general to see someone else
doing it. I mean, sure, we could talk
about investing. We can give general
tips and tricks. We could react to
people's investing mistakes or, you
know, the things that they're doing,
right? But I think it's different if you
can actually see someone doing it. is
different when you're putting your own
capital on the line and you're showing
others through your own experience that
yes, this can work long term. You just
got to be consistent and more
importantly, you got to actually start.
Okay, so um I'm going to be investing
with fractional shares today. I'm going
to be investing in five different
securities that we already own via Robin
Hood. So, I have my tablet here. You
will see screenshots up on your screen,
but again, fractional shares, I say it
all the time. Um, it was something I
wish was out when I was a young woman. I
mean, I think I think I'm still young
now, but um, [clears throat] excuse me.
I will be 42 this year. And even like 15
years ago, I don't think fractional
shares was a thing. So, if you are
young, and this is to my daughter and
her friends, and if you are just
starting, no matter what your age is,
fractional shares is a game changer. No
excuse not to invest because you can
invest with small amounts of money.
Okay. So, the first position that I'm
going to be adding $20 to, again, a
small amount. I think you can't even get
uh pepperoni large pizza for that
nowadays. I think it's more than 20
bucks. I don't know.
But still, 20 bucks into SPY. Now, this
is a monthly um dividend ETF. I'm going
to pull it up on my screen. This is the
NEOS S&P 500 high income ETF. This pays
every month. Now, at the recording of
this video, it is down. I think most of
the positions we all have are pretty
much down. The market has been pulling
back a lot because of the conflict
that's going on. But like I always say,
this is not the first conflict that we
as a country have been in, and it won't
be the last either. Um, and each time,
of course, there's a lot of people
saying, "Oh, the world is going to end."
every time we've come out and the
markets have hit all time all-time highs
and guess what? The rich get richer.
Okay, so now that we know better, we're
going to do better at least on our, you
know, like scale our level. Okay, so
again, $20 going into this. I'm going to
press trade by. I'm on my tablet, but
again, you'll see all of this. And I'm
just doing $20 worth. Make sure you guys
have your dollar set. So, I'm on Robin
Hood, but really any of the brokers that
you're using, um, they'll give you an
option for buying shares or buying
dollars. Now, when you do fractional
shares, you have to buy in dollars
because again, you're not buying a whole
share. If you're buying $10 worth, $20
worth, like a piece of a share, you have
to do it in dollars. Okay? And a lot of
the brokers allow you to invest with as
little as a dollar. So, no excuse. No
excuse. Okay? So, right now, we have
160, no, not 160, 159.02 02 shares of
SPYI. The short-term goal for this is
200. I'm not in a rush to do this
overnight. Just going to slow and steady
build our shares, but this position is
about $8,100 um dollars and we're up
about 7% or so. I'm going to put $20 in
DJR. Now, I've talked about DJRO many
times on this channel. This is a great
like if you're looking for a dividend
ETF that has growth in it. Now, you guys
know ICD is one that we have a lot of
money in [snorts] and that we like as
well. Their reconstitution is coming up
this month. So I will have a video and
all of that on that later when it comes
out. But this is another good
counterpart to that because SCHD is just
income like a good income value based
companies doesn't have a whole lot of
like tech in it. This one does and DJRO
is a really solid one. It's at $7121
when I'm recording. It could be
different by the time you see it. And
I'm just going to put $20 into here as
well. 20 bucks. Okay. So total today I'm
investing $100 in five different
securities. So right now we have our
position is 157.88
shares and I use like I track all of
this cuz I get a ton of questions about
this. I track all of our positions in my
investment planner. I do have
spreadsheets and stuff but I do have an
investment planner. I have a digital and
a physical and I use it to track like
the share sizes. I keep myself motivated
like document the dividends and really
stick to our goal. And I'm telling you,
that's the secret sauce. We have a lot
of money in the markets, but tracking,
tracking, tracking. That is where the
sweet spot is, okay? Because the markets
are down. You want to keep that
motivation going. So, we our position is
about $11,200
or so. You see it on the screen. And
we're up about 27%. So, this is again,
buy and hold. When the markets are red
and there's a lot of fear, that's when
you get a sale on good assets. Good
assets. Okay. Um, but yeah, 27% is not
bad at all. Um, and we would like to get
200 shares in GGRO. Main Street, another
monthly paying dividend. This is a
single stock, so just be aware of that.
I've talked about Main Street a lot on
the channel. Um, again, not financial
advice, but we have been investing in
this for three going on four years now.
Have never let us down. Pays a special
dividend every quarter. It pays every
single month. Um, CEO is fantastic. No
complaints at all. Um, so we're going to
put $20 in here as well. I put 28
supposed to be $20 into that. You see it
up on your screen. And right now we
have, let's see. Okay, we have 160.81
shares. Again, this one is 200 as well.
So, you see how we in already three
securities, we hit 100 shares, but we
did not get to 100 shares overnight.
It's tax time. Many people that I know
and you probably know and maybe even you
are getting a tax refund. So, put some
of that tax refund to good use. I mean,
sure, if you want to treat yourself, but
I would say you should try to pay your
bills, save some, pay off some debt,
invest some of it, and then you can
treat yourself to a little bit, but um
you want to make sure that you're
putting yourself in a in a better
financial position. So, again, it didn't
happen overnight. It didn't happen
overnight. Um but we are up about 24% in
this position as well. And our
short-term goal is 200 shares. It's
really interesting, you know, watching
us build this position up. I'm going to
put $20 into Visa. Okay, Visa is we like
it. It's been on a slump a little bit,
but I do like Visa. We have had this for
a couple of years. I just haven't built
up as much as I think I wanted to. Um,
right now we're at 16.69 shares. I would
like to get to 25. I am not in a rush
with this. Um, I've been focused on
building up some of our other bigger
positions like SCHG, um, SPYI, and, um,
but I'm going to show some little love
to Visa as well. Right now, our position
total value is $5,163,
and we're up about a little over 2%.
Let's just say that, a little over 2%.
And I want to put $20 in VXUX. This is
international. Um, now year to date,
this is up a little over 3%. is at about
$78.75,
give or take a couple pennies by the
time when I'm filming this. Again, all
of these prices could be higher or lower
just depending on what happens in the
market, but I'm going to buy finally $20
of this and put my $100 to good use.
Okay. Um, and we have $20 we put into
VXUX. We now have 61.72
shares. And our position value is about
$4,800, almost $4,900, just rounding up,
and we're up over 15%. So again, I know
you may see the market's down, but
long-term, if you zoom out, I'm telling
you guys, that's where the secret spot
is. Just these five securities, we're
talking 40K, 45K, just with the five I
just put up here today. The value of all
five of these, just about 40K. But you
don't get there overnight. You got to
invest consistently. Do large amounts
when you can, larger amounts. That's why
I mentioned tax time. Or if you have a
side hustle or something like that, put
that extra money, even if it's not
investing. Get your emergency fund up.
Pay off a credit card or car loan. Um,
student loan, something like that. Maybe
get yourself ahead a month or two in
your rent. Um, pay your utility bills
up. These types of things put you ahead
financially. And and and so it's really
been a help and a godsend to us. And um
you know I I'm still investing, right?
Um yeah, it may be getting a little
nicer, at least on the East Coast where
I am. Um but you know, financial freedom
is about making movements, right? It's
action. You can't just wish it. Um you
can't just make vision boards about it.
Um you can't even just use affirmations.
Those things are helpful, but the main
thing is action. You have to do
something. Okay? And we all know that
time is moving by. again. I'll be 42. I
remember when I got married at 20,
right? It's hard to believe that I'm 40
will be 42 this year and I had a kid in
college who will be 20 this year. But
time it moves. Okay, so hope that you
guys enjoyed this video. I'm making
these types of videos to encourage
investors to continue the course, to
build up their positions and their
portfolios because you don't get to 100
shares unless you get to 10. And the
only way you can get to 10 is if you get
to one. And the only way you can get to
one share is if you start investing.
Okay? So, make sure again you like, you
share, and you subscribe. If you want
any spreadsheets, planners, a lot of the
things that I do make myself. I love
making spreadsheets and planners. I have
private groups. Check out my website
down below. I don't bite. I promise I
don't bite. mt1finance.com is my
website. Leave me a comment down below.
20 bucks. What you buying today? I gave
you 20 bucks. What you doing? [laughter]
Let me know down below. And until next
time, you already know. I'll see youall
in my next video.